JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening. I'm
Judy Woodruff.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And I'm Hari
Sreenivasan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
tonight:
Voters in five Eastern states
hit the polls
today. What's at stake as
candidates fight
for some of the largest delegate
hauls left
in the race?
HARI SREENIVASAN: Also ahead
this Tuesday:
Today marks 30 years since the
worst nuclear
disaster in history -- a look at
how Chernobyl's
effects can still be seen.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And how Chicago
artist Theaster
Gates is breathing new life into
the city's
South Side by transforming
crumbling buildings
into spaces for creativity.
THEASTER GATES, Artist: Poor
people have a
right to beautiful things, but
people have
the right not to be poor
anymore. I think
that feels like it's worth
making art about
and fighting for.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All that and
more on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Five more states,
five more
wins, that's what Donald Trump
and Hillary
Clinton are looking for in this
latest Super
Tuesday of the 2016 presidential
race.
Voters turned out today in
Connecticut, Delaware,
Maryland Pennsylvania and Rhode
Island. The
front-runners hope to run up big
margins and
big delegate numbers.
Republican Trump went into the
day with 845
delegates. It takes 1,237 to win
the party's
nomination. On the Democratic
side, Clinton
already has 1,946 delegates. She
needs 2,383
to be nominated. Even with a
good night, and
a delegate sweep, Trump could
still face a
contested GOP convention.
Clinton aims to
make a Democratic victory all
but inevitable
tonight.
We will take an extended look at
what's at
stake tonight after the news
summary.
HARI SREENIVASAN: In the day's
other news:
Opponents of North Carolina's
voter I.D. law
said they will keep up their
court fight against
it. The statute requires voters
to show a
photo I.D. A federal judge
upheld it on Monday,
saying the state has a
legitimate interest
in trying to prevent voter
fraud. Opponents
argue the law targets
minorities.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A major storm
system is sweeping
through the Great Plains states
this evening,
putting some 50 million people
at risk. Tornado
watches are up for parts of
Kansas, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, and Texas.
Earlier, high winds, rain, and
lightning whipped
across Kansas City, and
pebble-sized hail
pelted airliners at the city's
airport.
HARI SREENIVASAN: In Iraq,
Parliament approved
a partial reshuffling of the
cabinet, under
pressure to adopt reforms.
Before the vote,
shouting matches broke out on
the Parliament
floor. And that came as
thousands of followers
of an influential Shiite cleric
protested
in Baghdad, demanding an end to
corruption.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Thousands of
so-called junior
doctors in England walked off
the job today
in a contract dispute, leaving
senior counterparts
to fill in. The all-out strike
by the British
Medical Association was the
first ever against
the national health service.
Victoria Macdonald of
Independent Television
News reports.
VICTORIA MACDONALD: On any other
day, the
ambulance would be bringing its
patients back
to the junior doctors. Instead,
they were
here on the picket line again,
this time,
all emergency coverage
withdrawn.
DR. YEZEN SHEENA, Junior Doctor:
Each one
of these doctors has had to
think really long
and hard about taking this
position. Unfortunately,
the majority of us have realized
that we have
got no option left.
VICTORIA MACDONALD: Emergency
coverage was,
of course, provided in
hospitals, but by other
staff, including consultants.
Despite the fact this all-out
strike is unprecedented,
all the planning does seem to
have paid off.
Hospitals have coped just fine.
But the question is, what next?
Apart from
tomorrow's action, the BMA
doesn't have anything
else planned, and the health
secretary, well,
he is showing no signs of
backing down.
JEREMY HUNT, Health Minister:
The total refusal
of the BMA to negotiate on a
perfectly straightforward
matter of weekend pay and
antisocial hours
pay is, I think, sadly driven by
some elements,
not the majority, but some
elements within
the BMA who are looking at this
as a political
battle with the government.
They have been briefing the
media over the
last 24 hours that the BMA wants
nothing more
than to bring down the
government. Completely
ridiculous.
VICTORIA MACDONALD: In the
meantime, 125,000
operations and outpatient
appointments have
been postponed or canceled over
the two days
of the strike. And yet there is
still no signs
that either side will blink
first.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The contract
dispute involves
plans to expand care on
weekends.
HARI SREENIVASAN: In economic
news, Apple
reported its revenue fell in the
first quarter
for the first time in 13 years.
The company
was hurt by falling sales of
iPhones. And
Wall Street had a quiet day.
The Dow Jones industrial average
gained 13
points to close at 17990. The
Nasdaq fell
seven points, and the S&P 500
added close
to four.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And the Olympic
Flame visited
a refugee camp in Athens,
Greece, today, carried
by a Syrian swimmer who's been
granted asylum
there. Ibrahim Al-Hussein lost
part of his
leg in a bombing. He carried the
flame through
a camp that holds around 1,500
people. He
hopes to compete with the Greek
team at the
Summer Games in Brazil.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Still to come
on the "NewsHour":
how today's elections will shape
the final
leg of the presidential primary;
Chernobyl's
impact 30 years later; practical
advice on
preparing for life after
college; and much
more.
JUDY WOODRUFF: There was no
last-minute stumping
today by the Republican
candidates for president,
as voters in five Mid-Atlantic
states cast
their presidential primary
ballots.
It was different, however, for
the two Democratic
contenders. Vermont Senator
Bernie Sanders,
the underdog in that race, was
courting voters
today in Philadelphia. That was
after he insisted,
on ABC this morning, that he
will keep on
campaigning at least into June.
SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (VT-I),
Presidential Candidate:
The election is not over yet. We
are here
today competing in five states.
We have 10
more states to go after this. We
are going
to fight through California, and
then we see
what happens.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Meanwhile, the
Democratic front-runner,
Hillary Clinton, paid a visit to
a steel factory
in Indiana, which votes next
Tuesday. There,
she backed away, once again,
from attacking
Sanders, and instead aimed
criticism at two
of her Republican rivals.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
I'm just bewildered when I hear
the Republican
front-runner, Donald Trump,
actually say that
wages are too high in America.
That's why
he doesn't support raising the
minimum wage.
Ted Cruz has called for a
national right-to-work
law. Well, right-to-work is
wrong for workers
and it's wrong for America.
JUDY WOODRUFF: For more on
tonight's Northeast
primary contests, we turn now to
Amy Walter,
national editor of The Cook
Political Report,
and, in Philadelphia, Dave
Davies. He's senior
reporter for public radio
station WHYY.
And we welcome both of you to
the "NewsHour."
So, Amy, start us off, and let's
talk about
the Republicans. Remind us how
many delegates
are up tonight, and what are
going to understand
after tonight's results?
AMY WALTER, The Cook Political
Report: Well,
we have 172 delegates at stake.
The biggest
of those is Pennsylvania,
although the majority
of those delegates actually are
not bound
to the winner. We can get to
that later on,
but the bottom line is there are
a lot of
big states in the Northeast up
today, and
Donald Trump is the favorite in
all of these
states.
He can come out of this with a
pretty big
delegate haul. Now, this isn't
going to close
the door on any attempt to oust
him from the
ability to be the nominee, but
it's going
to get really close to that door
coming close
to being shut. And then we're
going to focus
next on Indiana to see if the
momentum that
Trump -- if he does as well as
the polls say
he's doing right now, if that
momentum carries
him to another victory in
Indiana.
And then I think we can pretty
confidently
say that Donald Trump is
probably going to
get to the 1,237 he needs before
we hit Cleveland.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, Dave Davies,
a little bit
-- take us a little bit closer
into what's
been going on in Pennsylvania.
What kind of
campaign have you seen there?
And is the fact
that most of these Republican
delegates being
chosen tonight are not bound to
any candidate,
has that affected the campaign?
DAVE DAVIES, WHYY: Oh, yes, it's
created a
lot of confusion.
You know, Pennsylvania has a
pretty peculiar
system. There are really going
to be two elections
today. One will be the election
for the popular
vote. And the winner of that
will get 17 of
those of those delegates on a
winner-take-all
basis.
But the others, most of the
delegation will
go to Cleveland uncommitted.
They will be
elected directly by voters,
three per congressional
district, and they will go
uncommitted to
the convention, but, in fact,
many are privately
deeply committed to candidates.
Many were
recruited by the Trump or Cruz
campaigns.
The tough thing for voters here
is that nothing
on the ballot tells them who is
for whom.
You may want to vote for Trump
delegates,
but you can't tell from the
ballot. So we
have had this crazy period where
the campaigns
have been distributing lists
through e-mail
and robo-calls and even lawn
signs.
And what's likely to happen is
we're going
to end up at the end of the day
with a lot
of confusion. We will have some
Trump delegation
elected out of those 54, some
Cruz, and then
a lot will be party regulars,
some of whom
say they will abide by the
popular vote. Some
of them say they're going to
make their decision
later.
In any case, we will have 10
weeks in which
any of them may be persuaded to
change their
minds.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Amy, how did the
system get
to be so crazy? This is supposed
to be an
election. You go, you vote. But,
instead,
as we just heard from Dave, I
mean, some of
these rules are really hard to
understand.
AMY WALTER: Well, every state --
I mean, this
is what we're learning again.
Every four years,
we get a reintroduction into how
the process
really works.
And what we're learning in this
stage is that
the Republican primary process
is really a
crazy patchwork quilt. Every
state has its
own rules. Some states, like
Pennsylvania,
they are unbound, but you know
who they're
running -- or who they're
supporting. It's
in parentheses next to their
name.
But I think that Dave brings up
a very good
point, which is that there is
going to be
a ton of confusion. These
delegates are also
going to get an incredible
amount of pressure.
And we forget that these are
actual human
beings that have to go back to
these communities
once the primary season, once
the convention
is over.
And so while they may be
publicly saying or
declaring who they're supporting
or telling
reporters what they're going to
do, they're
going to be getting a great deal
of pressure
just from the people in their
own lives to
figure out what they're going to
do.
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Dave, go ahead.
DAVE DAVIES: One issue, in
Pennsylvania, they
are not in -- the presidential
candidates
are not in parentheses next to
the delegate
names.
AMY WALTER: That's right. That's
right.
DAVE DAVIES: They're only under
their own
names. So, it really is
confusing.
And the way this happened in
Pennsylvania
was, years ago, the party
leaders decided
if -- we come so late in the
primary process
in April, we usually don't
matter. If we have
the public elect our delegates,
but they're
really going to be our own
people, because
who pays attention to these
invisible elections,
we will go to the convention
with 54 uncommitted
delegates, so if there's a fight
about anything,
the platform plank or whatever,
we have got
leverage.
Well, this year, they might have
some leverage
on something much more
important, if, if Indiana
goes differently. As Amy says,
we could be
at a point where this thing
could be over
soon.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And it does add
credence to
that argument we hear from the
candidates,
and specifically Donald Trump,
Amy, that this
process isn't always on the
level.
OK, so let's switch over to the
Democrats.
Amy, what are we looking at in
these five
states between Hillary Clinton
and Bernie
Sanders?
AMY WALTER: Yes.
We're looking at 384 delegates,
again, another
big haul, with Pennsylvania,
Maryland two
of the biggest states, Hillary
Clinton up
in both of those states. But
this is really
-- for Bernie Sanders, this
really could be
the end of the line. It's going
to be almost
impossible for him to catch up
if she does
as well as predicted by the
polling.
And the question I think we're
going to be
talking about tomorrow is, where
does Bernie
Sanders go now? We have been
hearing the questions
about, what is his off-ramp?
What is he going
to do after it becomes clear
that he can't
catch Hillary Clinton? Is his
tone going to
change? Is his focus going to
change?
What is he going to be spending
the rest of
his time doing, and how is he
going to get
those people who have so
fervently supported
him to turn and support a
candidate that he's
been attacking pretty strongly
throughout
this campaign?
JUDY WOODRUFF: Dave Davies, how
you have seen
that play out in Pennsylvania?
What are voters
-- what have voters been looking
to Sanders
and to Hillary Clinton to tell
them?
DAVE DAVIES: Hillary is
enormously popular
here, and her campaign has
poured it on.
We have seen Hillary and Bill
and Chelsea
and the countless surrogates and
field offices
and commercials. And I think
that she wants
to get a huge win here. But
Sanders just simply
is not so well-known to people,
particularly
in the African-American
community, and that's
going to make it hard for him to
rack up a
respectable total.
I do think that what he and his
people are
about goes beyond an election
cycle. I think
they really do believe that we
need transformational
change in the country, and they
think that
using the rest of this election
campaign to
raise that issue just as
strongly as they
have is what they want to do,
whether or not
he has a good showing at the
convention.
So I kind of don't think it's
going to change
that much. And I think --
eventually, I think
he will support Hillary, and a
lot of his
supporters will follow her. But
I wouldn't
expect the tone of things to
change that much
before the convention.
AMY WALTER: Well, that's a
really good point,
because let's remember Bernie
Sanders is not
a Democrat. He only just
recently announced
his allegiance to the party.
These primaries, as we're
learning now, they
are all about the party trying
to exert some
control over the process. And at
the end of
the day, the thinking is, well,
everybody
is a member of the party, they
want to help
the party, and help the party's
nominee. Well,
that only goes so far.
And, in this case, of course,
you have a candidate
who, I agree with Dave that he
is much more
about a movement than he is
about protecting
the party. Now, he's obviously
going to want
to do anything he can to stop
the Republicans
from winning, but that's very
different from
marshaling his forces and
embracing the front-runner
on the Democratic side.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
And in just a few seconds, we're
also going
to be looking to see -- you
mentioned, we're
looking to see what Bernie
Sanders does from
here. And we're also going to be
looking to
see what Hillary Clinton does
from here on
out. How does she -- does she
change her message?
Does she hone it? What argument
does make?
AMY WALTER: Right.
She has to make the argument
that she speaks
for the entire Democratic base,
but also that
she can win over the independent
voters that
right now are giving her very
high negative
marks across the board, and
she's losing those
independent-leaning Democrats to
Bernie Sanders.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Amy Walter, Dave
Davies with
WHYY, we thank you.
DAVE DAVIES: Thank you.
AMY WALTER: You're welcome.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Now, 30 years
on from the
Chernobyl nuclear disaster, the
fallout from
that fateful day still haunts
Europe as a
somber anniversary is marked.
(BELL TOLLING)
HARI SREENIVASAN: Bells tolled
30 times in
Kiev, once for each year since
the world's
worst nuclear disaster.
The president of Ukraine spoke
at Chernobyl
itself.
PETRO POROSHENKO, Ukrainian
President (through
translator): The Chernobyl
accident will for
a long time remain an event of a
worldwide
scale that is a challenge to the
whole of
humanity. Such catastrophes do
not respect
state borders.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The city of
Pripyat, where
the nuclear plant was located,
is now a ghost
town. It sits in the middle of
an uninhabitable
exclusion zone, where hundreds
of towns and
villages in Ukraine and Belarus
were forced
to evacuate.
Ukraine was still part of the
old Soviet Union
when Chernobyl's number four
reactor suffered
a catastrophic power surge on
April 26, 1986.
That triggered a meltdown and
explosion, spewing
huge amounts of radioactive
material into
the atmosphere. Millions of
people across
Eastern Europe were exposed to
dangerously
high radiation.
But it took two days for Soviet
authorities
to acknowledge the incident
publicly. Some
600,000 troops and volunteers
were sent in
to fight the fire and clean up
contamination,
and 30 died from radiation
poisoning.
MAN (through translator): I went
in there
when everyone was fleeing. We
were going right
into the heat. And, today,
everything is forgotten.
It's a disgrace.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The stricken
reactor was
encased in a concrete
sarcophagus. Work is
now under way on a steel-clad
structure to
enclose the site and prevent
further radioactive
leaks, at a cost of more than $2
billion.
The human toll is less clear,
but the World
Health Organization estimates
long-term radiation
effects will claim at least
9,000 lives.
Some further perspective on the
impact of
Chernobyl, first more on the
science, consequences,
fears and risks of nuclear power
from our
science correspondent, Miles
O'Brien, who's
done extensive reporting in
Chernobyl and
at the more recent accident site
in Fukushima,
Japan.
Miles, you're one of the few
people that have
gone to both of these places.
You were reporting
from Chernobyl just four or five
years ago.
Put this disaster in
perspective.
MILES O'BRIEN: Well, Hari,
Chernobyl, by any
measure, had a greater impact.
I think the radiation released
from Chernobyl
was about six times greater than
what we saw
released from Fukushima. Both of
them were
so-called level seven accidents,
which is
the worst kind of accident on
the scale that
the international community puts
upon them.
But Chernobyl, because it had an
explosion
and a fire, caused the spread of
radioactive
material over a much broader
area. Much of
Europe was affected by it. And
so it had a
tremendous impact, not only
potentially health-wise,
but also politically and
emotionally, and
had a great impact on how people
viewed nuclear
power.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Right. I mean,
Americans
remember sort of Three Mile
Island, but Chernobyl
was as important in the timeline
of how the
world perceives it.
MILES O'BRIEN: Yes.
Americans had sort of made up
their mind about
nuclear power already. We made
up our mind
here in the mid-'70s that we
were scared of
it, "China Syndrome" and then,
of course,
Three Mile Island.
Of course, Three Mile Island,
there was a
barely measurable amount of
radiation that
escaped from the containment
vessel. In the
case of Chernobyl, there was no
containment
vessel whatsoever. And so there
was a big
amount of radiation which came
out.
And it really laid the
groundwork for the
reaction that many Europeans had
toward Fukushima
25 years later. You saw the
Germans, most
notably, pulling the plug on
their nuclear
program. A lot of that has its
roots in the
fact they were under a cloud of
cesium-137
30 years ago.
HARI SREENIVASAN: That
sarcophagus that you
mentioned, that was only
supposed to be there
15 years. It's still there now,
and it's still
leaking.
MILES O'BRIEN: It is. And seeing
it with my
own two eyes five years ago, I
was -- it was
pretty scary, frankly. It looked
like something
from "Mad Max."
And it was hastily built, to say
the least,
by these liquidators, true
heroes, 600,000
conscripts who went in there and
shoveled
for short periods of time, many
of them with
devastating consequences later
in the form
of cancer. And it is still
there. It is not
safe.
And this new structure which
eventually will
cover will be an improvement,
for sure.
HARI SREENIVASAN: So, where is
nuclear now,
five years after Fukushima, 30
years after
Chernobyl?
MILES O'BRIEN: It's interesting,
Hari. Things
have changed a little bit on
people's perceptive
of nuclear.
It's easy to take Chernobyl out
of the mix,
for one thing. That was a bad
reactor design.
We can all agree it was unsafe
to have any
reactor without a containment
structure. There
are still 11 of those types of
reactors running
in Russia now. But the West
never adopted
this type of graphite, moderated
reactor.
So what has happened,
interestingly, even
five years after Fukushima, is a
lot of people
are coming around to the
conclusion that in
order to truly fight climate
change, the type
of base load power, power that
stays on all
the time, at night, that is zero
carbon emission,
is in fact nuclear.
So there's interest in the
business community
in this. A D.C. think tank
recently conducted
a study. They found 50 start-ups
in the U.S.
in the nuclear space attracting
$1.5 billion
in investment. So, it's kind of
an odd outcome,
actually.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
science correspondent
Miles O'Brien joining us from
Boston tonight,
thanks so much.
MILES O'BRIEN: You're welcome.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Now an
on-the-ground look.
We get that from Michal
Huniewicz, a Polish
photographer living in England.
He visited
Chernobyl last year and
documented the effects
of the radiation on surrounding
villages,
plants, and animals.
This was personal for and you
your family.
Tell me a little bit about how
they were affected
after the blast.
MICHAL HUNIEWICZ, Photographer:
I was 2 years
old when it happened, so I don't
remember
a great deal.
But what I do know from my
parents was that,
when I was 2 years old, someone
knocked on
our door in the middle of the
night and woke
up my parents. And they had to
wake me up
and give me something to drink,
which was
called the Lugol's solution, but
we didn't
know at the time exactly what it
was.
And they didn't offer any
explanation to my
parents, other than, there was
some sort of
environmental problem, and your
son, due to
his very young age, has to drink
it.
After that, they disappeared,
because they
had to distribute it to other
children. It
was only for people who were
very young, because,
when you're done, your thyroid
is unable to
handle large doses of radiation.
If you're
a grownup, it is -- so it was
distributed
to children like myself.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Tell me a bit
about some
of the pictures that stand out
for you. I'm
looking at a photo of a piano
that was left
in the same place. It looks like
a hospital
infirmary and then what would be
baby bassinets.
MICHAL HUNIEWICZ: That was in a
place called
the Piano Shop. It wasn't
actually a piano
shop in reality. That is just
the nickname
that the place was given.
It's one of those places which
contains objects
which were never taken away.
There was quite
a large number of pianos. And
maybe you can
still play them, although I
suspect they are
out of tune by now.
The hospital that you mentioned
was probably
the most eerie place, because we
do know for
a fact that there was where the
firefighters
were taken right after the
accident when they
felt sick. They were brought to
the Moscow
hospital. They were shaved,
stripped. And
later, they would be taken to
the Moscow Hospital
Number Six, which specializes in
radiation
poisoning, acute radiation
poisoning.
But the gear that those
firefighters were
wearing was dumped into basement
of the hospital.
That basement is pretty much
freely available.
It's probably one of the most
contaminated
places on the planet, and you
can just walk
in there.
And a piece of headgear was
dragged up from
the basement to the lobby of
that building
by someone. And it's lying on a
ledge, and
it's very highly radioactive.
So, there is
a picture of my hand with a
dosing meter getting
close to that piece of headgear.
I was really
stressed, because the dosing
meter was very
loud. It was telling us, don't
go any nearer.
It was very highly radioactive.
So, that's
one of the most memorable
moments for me,
because it was my hand close to
that object.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Finally, it
looks like Mother
Nature is winning. I mean,
everything that's
unclaimed is being taken over by
plants.
MICHAL HUNIEWICZ: That's right.
You would imagine that the zone
would be destroyed
with nuclear fallout, but,
actually, it's
become more of a sanctuary for
wildlife. There
is the Przewalski horses which
were brought
after the accident, and half of
them died.
They didn't adjust. But the
other half has
lived and they remain in the
zone.
They live wild. People do hunt
them, but they're
more or less allowed to live
undisturbed.
And, indeed, the number of those
animals has
been growing, and they are doing
perfectly
well.
I spoke to a scientist who
worked in the zone
trying to establish what the
impact was of
radiation on those animal
species. And he
told me it was minuscule. There
was nothing
that he could detect. So, the
animals and
the plants live there without
any problems.
They are much better off without
humans.
And, as you said, they are
taking over the
zone. There are trees growing
inside of buildings.
So, I suspect, within a few
decades, there
will be not much left of the
zone, other than
the nuclear plant itself.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right.
Photographer Michal Huniewicz,
joining us
from London tonight, thanks so
much.
MICHAL HUNIEWICZ: Thank you for
having me.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour":
technology that
helps farmers reduce their
carbon footprint;
Burundian refugees hunted down
by their own
government; plus, an artist's
vision to reshape
and revitalize Chicago's South
Side.
Now: how life after college can
be influenced
by choices made before students
even enroll,
and why it can matter for their
financial
futures.
It's part of our weekly
education segment,
Making the Grade.
William Brangham has our
conversation.
It's a big week for high school
seniors across
the country. They have got to
make those final
decisions on where they will go
to college
next year. To celebrate,
celebrities and athletes
joined first lady Michelle Obama
for a signing
day ceremony in New York City
today.
MICHELLE OBAMA, First Lady: No
matter what
path any of us on the stage took
to our success,
we all know that completing your
education
past high school is the most
important thing
you can do to reach your dreams.
That's why
we're here. So, while you all
might be in
awe of us, let me tell you, we
are in awe
of you.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: High schoolers
and their
parents are obviously focused on
what school
they will go to, but a new book
argues there
are more important things to
consider.
The book is called "There Is
Life After College."
Jeffrey Selingo is the author. I
talked with
him yesterday.
Jeff, if I can discern a basic
thesis from
you book, it's not so much where
you go to
college, but it's what you do
while you're
in college. Is that right?
JEFFREY SELINGO, Author, "There
Is Life After
College": That's right.
It used to be as long that, as
you had a bachelor's
degree from a college, any
college, really,
you would be golden in the job
market. It
was really the way that you got
jobs years
ago.
But now the fact of the matter
is that there's
a lot of noise around the signal
of a bachelor's
degree. So it's really important
what you
do while you're there, the
experiential learning
that you get, internships,
projects, study
abroad, and activities like
that, cocurricular
activities, whether it's
athletics or clubs.
And, most importantly, you don't
take on too
much debt. The more debt that
you take on
in college, the fewer options
you have after
college to take essentially any
job you want
anywhere in the country, which
would be good
for your career, and instead
you're basing
your career decisions on how
much money you're
going to make.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: In one of the
early chapters
of your book, you categorize
graduates after
college into three categories.
You have the sprinters, the
wanderers, and
the stragglers. What do those
delineations
tell us about post-college life
today?
JEFFREY SELINGO: Well, it used
to be that,
again, as long as you went to
college, you
were a sprinter. You would come
out of college
and you would have a job. You
would usually
work in one occupation,
sometimes for one
employer, for most cases.
But the fact of the matter is
that only about
a third of students now launch
from college
in that way. So two-thirds are
either wanderers
or the stragglers. They take
half their 20s
to get going in a career. In
some cases, those
are the wanderers. In other
cases, they're
stragglers, and they take most
of their 20s.
And what are the markers of
those different
people? Well, for one thing,
sprinters intern
at least 80 percent of the time
in college.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: While they are
in college?
JEFFREY SELINGO: Yes, 80 percent
have at least
one internship while in college,
as opposed
to the wanderers. Only about 50
percent of
them intern. And the stragglers,
only about
20 percent of them intern.
The other big marker is debt.
So, sprinters
have less than $10,000 worth of
debt when
they come out of college. The
average today
is about $30,000. The more you
debt you have,
the fewer options you have after
college.
The other big marker of the
stragglers is,
99 percent of them have some
college credit,
but they don't yet have a
degree. And this
is one of the bigger concerns
right now, is
that 70 percent of students go
right on to
college after high school, but
only about
50 percent of them end up
graduating.
So we have a number of
millennials now with
some college credit and no
degree. And, in
fact, they make up the bulk of
people today
in the United States who have
some college
credit and no degree to show for
their efforts.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: You report
that a lot of
employers feel like colleges are
not doing
a very good job of preparing
graduates for
the work world. You quote one
employer saying
that these student have been
syllabused to
death. What does that mean?
JEFFREY SELINGO: It means that
college has
a certain cadence to it, right?
You start in September, you end
in May, you
get a syllabus and a course
catalog at the
beginning of the semester. It
kind of lays
out what you need to do. The
syllabus tells
you when things are due, when
papers are due,
when tests are due. It's
essentially a recipe
to get an A.
You have plenty of breaks.
There's a certain
cadence to it. Then these
students get into
the work force, and the work
force is a mash-up
of activities. You know, it's
not task-based
anymore. It used to be that
jobs, you would
get a list of things to do every
day, you
would clock in at 9:00 and clock
out at 5:00.
No job works like that anymore,
but yet our
education system is still very
task-based
in that way.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: But you write
also that
employers as a whole often feel
that colleges
should be doing a better job of
this, but
the colleges push back and say,
no, these
companies are simply offshoring
and making
us job-train them, when that
should be their
job.
Who should -- where should this
responsibility
lay?
JEFFREY SELINGO: Well, really,
the responsibility
lies really with all three
groups.
It really lies with colleges to
give people
both the broad skills they need
to succeed
not only in the workplace of
today, but tomorrow,
but also to give them some
opportunities for
hands-on training. And it's also
lies with
the students to go out and get
that. Many
students just sleepwalk through
college. They
go there and they think college
is going to
happen to them.
And then it's also the role of
the employers.
And many employers are not --
they are kind
of -- they confuse students on
this front.
In other words, you have the
CEOs of some
companies saying, go out and get
a broad liberal
arts education and then we will
train you
when you get here.
But then the people hiring at
employers, either
the line managers or the chief
H.R. officers,
are then telling students, we
need specific
skills. We need you to have
specific skills.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: If you were to
build a recipe
for the things that college
students really
need to be focused on to do to
succeed in
however you want to categorize
success, what
are some of those things?
JEFFREY SELINGO: When students
are picking
a college, they should pick a
place, a campus
and even a city or an urban area
where they
are going to be able to get
hands-on opportunity.
And if they go to a place in a
faraway place,
they should figure out, how am I
going to
get those hands-on experience?
So, it's not
just about what you get in the
classroom,
but it's also important what you
get outside
the classroom.
Second piece, don't take on too
much debt.
Make sure you go to a place
where you're going
to graduate, hopefully in four
years, and
where you're not going to take
on too much
debt. And then the third piece
is picking
a major.
In some ways, it doesn't matter
what major
you pick, because most careers
are not related
to majors, but you should pick a
major where
you're going to work hard, where
you're going
to read a lot, where you're
going to write
a lot, where the homework is
going to be tough,
where you're going to meet some
of the best
professors and, most important,
where your
classmates are going to push
you.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: When there is
such a focus
on figuring out what your career
is going
to be, and trying to be one of
those sprinters
who dives right into it right
away, is there
the risk that we might be losing
some of the
more -- some of the richer
experiences of
college, to learn how to think,
how to open
your mind, to explore, to simply
grow up into
a human being?
JEFFREY SELINGO: It used to be
that college
was for exploration.
The idea was that you would go
to college,
explore for four years, get that
broad education,
and then move into the work
force and get
specific training. Now much of
that is supposed
to happen in those four years of
college.
The problem with exploring too
much in college
is, it's very expensive. The
cost of college
has gone way up. Half of
students don't end
up graduating. A third of
students end up
transferring institutions. So,
there's a lot
of friction in the system that
we have today.
And that's why a lot of this
exploration,
trying to figure out what you
want out of
life, trying to figure out a
career should
actually happen outside of the
walls of college,
this idea of taking a gap year
between high
school and college or even
taking time off
in college to try to find
yourself, to try
to find a career, because the
more that happens
in college, the fewer
experiences you're going
to have outside the classroom,
because you're
going to be so focused on those
inside-the-classroom
experiences.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: All right,
Jeff Selingo.
The book is "There Is Life After
College."
Thank you very much.
JEFFREY SELINGO: It was great to
be here.
Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Later tonight,
PBS' new debate
program, "Point Taken," asks, is
a college
degree worth the price tag?
Check your local
listings.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Even with
advances in technology,
farmers are continuing to look
for ways to
cut energy costs. Fuel and
electricity are
the main big-ticket items, but
there are others.
From Harvest Public Media in
Nebraska, Grant
Gerlock looks at some of the
many ways farmers
are trying to keep fossil fuel
usage down
in the cornfield.
GRANT GERLOCK: Greg and Sandy
Brummond live
and work on their farm in
Northeast Nebraska,
just outside the town of Craig.
GREG BRUMMOND, Farmer: This is
our shop that
we do most of our repair work,
and just literally
about live up here for 10 hours
a day, it
seems like.
GRANT GERLOCK: This shop is the
epicenter
of the Brummond farm, and its
energy use.
With the lights, machinery for
equipment repair
and other implements, it uses
more power than
their home. In fact, sometimes,
it is their
home.
SANDY BRUMMOND, Farmer: We
actually added
an office and a kitchen. We
don't even have
to go back down to the house. We
can fully
function up here.
GRANT GERLOCK: It's like having
your house
on top of your shop and
everything. It's all
that stuff that uses power that
you would
think of.
SANDY BRUMMOND: Oh yes, is in
here.
GRANT GERLOCK: The shop and its
high energy
needs are why the Brummonds made
a recent
investment in solar energy.
GREG BRUMMOND: We have got 36
panels down
there. The angle was good for
the sun.
GRANT GERLOCK: These panels are
capable of
supplying 10 kilowatts, enough
power for all
those lights and machines in the
shop. They
were put up a few months ago by
Graham Christensen,
who runs a small business
installing solar
panels.
GREG BRUMMOND: Well, you can see
even on today,
which is a cloudy day outside,
we're still
producing 506 watts of energy
currently. We'd
like to see it more up around
that seven to
12 points.
GRANT GERLOCK: Christensen grew
up on a farm
in Burt County, not far from the
Brummonds.
Today, he's back in the area
with an electrician
to survey another farm looking
to cut energy
costs.
KEVIN ANDERSON, Nebraska: Down
this side of
the lane, we might put in some
geothermal
wells.
GRANT GERLOCK: Kevin Anderson
would like to
install enough solar panels to
generate 25
kilowatts.
GRAHAM CHRISTENSEN, President,
GC Resolve:
Basically, with 25 kilowatts, it
would get
soaked up right into these
buildings, this
grain elevator, all the fans on
the grain
elevator. The dryer that they
have connected
there, I believe is electrical.
And all the
out-buildings around, and then
as well as
their home.
So, the energy that the solar
panels would
produce would just get sucked up
right into
this area right here.
GRANT GERLOCK: Federal tax
credits and government
grants are making renewable
energy more affordable.
Solar is the popular choice for
farmers looking
to cut energy expenditures.
According to a 2013 USDA report
on agriculture
and energy, 93 percent of farms
that produce
renewable energy use solar.
Anderson wants
to take advantage of the
financial incentives
while they are available, but
that isn't his
only motivation.
KEVIN ANDERSON: It seems like,
as you get
a little older, you get a little
more concerned
about it, legacy we're leaving
our kids and
what type of environment they're
going to
live in, grandkids, their kids.
I think it's
the right thing to do.
GRANT GERLOCK: Back on the
Brummonds' farm,
they have got hopes of adding
more panels
and using less energy from the
local utility,
which generates power mostly
from coal.
GREG BRUMMOND: And I flew over
Gillette, Wyoming,
and that's where a lot of our
coal comes from.
And to get that perspective of
looking over
those humongous holes in the
ground where
the coal is taken out, I was
like, wow, I
wonder when this is going to run
out.
GRANT GERLOCK: U.S. agriculture
used around
1,600 trillion BTUs of energy in
2011, enough
to power the energy needs for a
state the
size of Iowa or South Carolina
for a year.
Most of that energy is for
direct uses, such
as electricity for buildings or
gasoline for
tractors.
But farms also use a lot of a
energy in indirect
ways. For instance, farmers
apply synthetic
fertilizers containing nitrogen
to keep plants
healthy, allowing crops such as
corn to show
big yields every year. But most
nitrogen fertilizer
production comes from natural
gas. After fuel
for trucks and tractors,
fertilizer is the
second largest energy component
on farms and
one of the biggest expenses for
farmers.
In Bladen, Nebraska, Keith Berns
and his brother
Brian have developed a business
selling seeds
for plants that can restore soil
health and
curb a reliance on synthetic
fertilizers.
KEITH BERNS, Business Owner: We
can produce,
you know, anywhere from 100
pounds to 200
pounds of nitrogen from a cover
crop.
GRANT GERLOCK: What are cover
crops, and why
are they called that?
KEITH BERNS: Well, cover crops
are basically
crops that a farmer would plant
in between
periods of their normal cash
crop. We're taking
that carbon dioxide out of the
atmosphere
and we're putting that carbon
into the soil
through the photosynthetic
process. And that
carbon that gets put into the
soil is what
becomes the immediate food
source for all
these microorganisms.
MAN: This is a winter oats. And
I pulled up
a chunk here just to show you
the roots.
KEITH BERNS: Even without any
scientific equipment,
you can take a good, healthy
soil, and you
can smell it, and it just has
that really
good, earthy smell.
GRANT GERLOCK: Instead of yields
above the
ground, the Berns brothers point
to a harvest
taking place below the ground,
carbon transferred
from the atmosphere, nitrogen
fixed in roots
and in soil.
KEITH BERNS: This whole thing
right here is
very high in nitrogen. When it
decomposes
in the spring, it will release
quite a bit
of nitrogen for my next corn
crop.
GRANT GERLOCK: With the right
cover crops,
farmers can grow more fertilizer
for themselves,
which means that much less needs
to come from
fossil fuels.
KEITH BERNS: There's a lot of
petroleum, a
lot of oil needed to make any
type of fertilizer.
So any time we don't need it to
produce it,
we don't need it to haul it, we
don't need
it to apply it if we can grow it
naturally
through a cover crop.
GRANT GERLOCK: For farmers
across the country,
finding energy savings from
solar panels and
cover crops means it could take
fewer fossil
fuels to get food to your dinner
table.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Grant Gerlock
in Bladen, Nebraska.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It has been one
year since
Burundi's president, Pierre
Nkurunziza, announced
he was running for a third term,
a move widely
considered unconstitutional. His
announcement
triggered a failed coup, a
questioned election,
mass protests, and a violent
crackdown on
the opposition.
Since then, at least 400 people
have been
killed and 3,500 arrested. More
than 220,000
people fled the country.
Divisions between
Hutu and Tutsi ethnic groups
have characterized
past violence in Burundi, but,
on Sunday,
Marguerite Barankitse was
honored for her
work helping Burundian orphans
and refugees,
regardless of ethnicity. She
received a million
dollars from an Armenian group.
The money
will be donated to the
organization of her
choice.
Still, ethnic identity can be a
matter of
life or death for Burundians,
even those outside
the country.
Special correspondent Nick
Schifrin, partnering
with the Pulitzer Center on
Crisis Reporting,
found Burundian refugees 900
miles from home,
in Nairobi, Kenya, where they
thought they'd
be safe. But their enemies have
tracked them
down.
NICK SCHIFRIN: It's just past
midnight. We're
in Nairobi,, Kenya, and this
isn't only a
cornfield. This is a kind of
protection because,
right behind me, there's a house
full of men,
and all night, every night, two
of them are
in the field standing guard,
using old weapons
like a crowbar and a rusty
knife.
They are too scared to sleep,
and too scared
to show their faces. They are
Burundian refugees
who say they're being hunted.
The men who are guarding the
house, can they
really defend you from the
people who are
hunting you?
MAN (through translator): The
weapons you
see here can only be used
against the dogs
you hear barking. If there were
an enemy coming
here with a grenade or a machine
gun, we wouldn't
be able to resist.
NICK SCHIFRIN: Twenty-year-old
Arnold is a
Burundian refugee. He lives in
this tin shack
with seven other refugees. It's
a 150-square-foot
church library.
MAN (through translator): We
have no mattresses,
no food. As refugees, we can't
find jobs,
and we are scared of being
arrested and sent
back from where we were.
NICK SCHIFRIN: Where they were
was Burundi's
capital, Bujumbura. A systematic
campaign
targeted the government's
political opponents,
leaving some of their bodies in
the street.
The U.N. warns that President
Nkurunziza is
helping lead the country to a
second civil
war by transforming politics
into ethnic conflict
between Hutus and Tutsis. That's
the same
ethnic divide in Rwanda that
sparked the 1994
genocide.
In the last year, 225,000
Burundians have
fled the violence to cities they
hoped were
safe. But, even here, they hide
their faces.
Today, here in Nairobi, which of
you is afraid?
All of these men escaped from
Burundi. Kenyan
activist Tom Oketch brought them
together
to discuss their rights and try
to calm their
fears.
TOM OKETCH, Community Organizer:
Some are
saying they don't even care even
if they are
killed, because there is no hope
in life.
Some of them have seen their
colleagues, their
brother, their friends being
slaughtered like
cows.
NICK SCHIFRIN: And on New Year's
Day, that
violence arrived in Kenya.
Burundian refugee
Juma says this is where he found
the body
of Jean de Dieu Kabura, a member
of Burundi's
opposition.
MAN (through translator): He was
naked, and
his body had cuts all over. Then
he spoke
and he said, "Juma, they have
killed me."
NICK SCHIFRIN: Those killers
accidentally
left behind their hit list,
I.D.s of Burundian
refugees they have already
killed.
MAN (through translator): These
are some I.D.s
of the men. This one is stained
with his blood.
NICK SCHIFRIN: You were supposed
to look for
members of the opposition; is
that right?
This 23-year-old Hutu says the
government
sent him to follow the Tutsi
opposition members,
and kill them.
MAN (through translator): First,
we were supposed
to establish relationships with
these people,
and after becoming friends with
them, we were
going to use poison.
NICK SCHIFRIN: Pierre was a
medical student,
conscripted into the
government's youth militia,
known as the Imbonerakure. The
name translates
to Those Who See Far.
So, when you got to Nairobi and
you realized
what your job was, why did you
refuse to do
it?
MAN (through translator): When
they showed
us the list, I saw a person I
knew. He was
actually a friend. I was in a
political party
different from his. But, for me,
that doesn't
mean I should hate this person
or kill him.
ALBERT, Refugee: We are afraid
to be killed
by those person who were sent by
the government.
NICK SCHIFRIN: Albert is a
Burundian journalist.
ALBERT: They said that they will
stay in the
roads until the president
reverses his decision
to run for a third term.
NICK SCHIFRIN: He covered
clashes between
the government and opposition
protesters.
ALBERT: I was on the ground to
report, to
get the story about the
demonstration. After
one day, all independent media
were burned
by policemen, by the government.
Imagine policemen
who killed who are honored by
the president.
NICK SCHIFRIN: In Kenya, these
men went to
the local police, and say they
were ignored.
Police spokesman Charles Owino
denies that.
CHARLES OWINO, Police Spokesman:
If there
are accusations that a person
has killed another
and we have evidence that
justify it, then
the person must face the law. It
doesn't matter
where he comes from. It doesn't
matter whose
interests he's serving.
NICK SCHIFRIN: That reassurance
holds even
less comfort than sleeping in
shifts, and
cooking cornmeal in a donated
bedroom.
Do you miss home?
MAN (through translator): Before
the crisis
in Burundi, we had enough
resources to have
a better life. We are here
because we have
nowhere else to go.
NICK SCHIFRIN: For the "PBS
NewsHour," I'm
Nick Schifrin in Nairobi.
HARI SREENIVASAN: From clay pots
to entire
cities, a most unusual and
influential artist.
Jeffrey Brown has this profile
from Chicago.
JEFFREY BROWN: So, what is this?
THEASTER GATES, Artist: So, this
is the ceramics
studio.
JEFFREY BROWN: When you make a
pot, the artist
Theaster Gates told me recently
in his studio,
you think about the material and
how to shape
it.
THEASTER GATES: If it's clay,
then I have
to learn a lot about the
minerals that are
in the earth. And what happens
when two chemicals
work together in relationship to
heat? How
does heat work in relationship
to time?
JEFFREY BROWN: But, unlike most
artists, Gates
goes further, into a whole other
realm. Just
as we learn to reshape clay into
pots, he
says, we might learn to reshape
buildings
and neighborhoods into a
revitalized urban
life.
THEASTER GATES: If you were to
apply that
to a city, you would say, what's
the relationship
between a commercial district
and a residential
area? And how might those things
be a collision
at first? But they need to
slowly cool.
JEFFREY BROWN: Same processes,
but different
material?
THEASTER GATES: I think so, in
that it implies
that one has to also continue to
get to know
a thing by being directly
engaged with the
thing.
JEFFREY BROWN: Gates is a
successful commercial
artist on the international
gallery scene.
But much of the focus of his
work is here,
on Chicago's South Side, in
neighborhoods
filled with vacant lots,
abandoned buildings,
poor and dangerous streets.
Gates has bought buildings, like
these on
Dorchester Avenue, refurbished
and turned
them into community gathering
places for music,
films, talk. He's also developed
low-cost
housing, including for artists,
who contribute
hours of community service in
return.
WOMAN: There were two of them
when the exhibiters
opened.
JEFFREY BROWN: We happened on a
weekly session
in which residents talked about
a local art
exhibition and more. Gates likes
to take things
that are falling apart or
abandoned, and give
them new life, like these
floorboards from
a community youth gymnasium that
was being
torn down.
THEASTER GATES: Instead of
demolishing it
and just kind of...
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes, instead of
throwing it
away.
THEASTER GATES: You pull it one
board at a
time, the installation, and then
they sit.
Like clay, it's nothing, until
it is something.
JEFFREY BROWN: Right. In this
case, it's something
because you then put them back
together into
a kind of abstract work of art.
THEASTER GATES: Sure. Yes.
JEFFREY BROWN: And not only
that, but a work
of art with an embedded meaning.
THEASTER GATES: It's a shame
that the building
is abandoned. Well, that's only
part of it.
It's a shame that young men and
women aren't
learning what it means to work
together as
a team. It's a shame that all of
the skill
that went into hand-painting of
these floors
is no longer done by very many
people. There
are all these shames embedded.
JEFFREY BROWN: But Gates, who
has degrees
in urban planning, also creates
on a bigger
canvas, as with his largest
project to date,
the Stony Island Bank, a
once-thriving institution
in a beautiful neo-classical
building that
sat empty for more than 30 years
and was scheduled
to be torn down.
Gates bought it from the city
for $1, raised
several million to fix it up,
and turned it
into an arts bank, with
exhibition and performance
spaces, a gorgeous library, with
books from
the collection of the publisher
of "Jet" and
"Ebony" magazines, slides once
used to teach
art history, and vinyl albums
from disc jockey
Frankie Knuckles, the godfather
of house music.
The art is in the idea, that
black culture
and black spaces should be
preserved and cherished.
THEASTER GATES: I'm excited
about collections
because they start to
demonstrate that black
people have the capacity to care
about black
things, that we have the ability
to make space
for these incredible
collections, and make
room for people to enjoy them
where normal
people live. And I feel really
fortunate that
that kind of poetry can live on
the South
Side of Chicago.
Have you guys been doing this
all day, by
the way?
JEFFREY BROWN: His newest
project, undertaken
in his position as director of
arts and publics
life at the nearby University of
Chicago,
extends the idea to an entire
city block,
a burgeoning art block in the
Washington Park
neighborhood. It includes an
arts incubator
for cultural groups and classes
in woodworking
and more for young people.
THEASTER GATES: As you finish
high school
and go to college, come back for
the summer,
go back to college, come back
after you graduate,
that it's really that
relationship that will
make these buildings work over
time.
JEFFREY BROWN: There's also a
cafe and a bookstore
where musicians regularly
perform. On the
drawing table, a large
performance space for
plays and concerts.
And what's the idea behind it,
an anchor or
an engine to grow, or how do you
see it?
THEASTER GATES: So, maybe words
like engines
and anchors are good words. But
I think first
it needed to just be a place
where culture
could happen, that before we had
to think
about it as an economic
generator or a cultural
anchor, it's just like, can I
have a place
to rehearse my play?
JEFFREY BROWN: Simple? Yes.
(CROSSTALK)
THEASTER GATES: Yes, absolutely.
Can we have
a place to make our music? Can
our kids learn
art here?
JEFFREY BROWN: Gates' work is
now expanding
beyond Chicago. His team at the
university
was recently awarded grants to
tackle redevelopment
projects in distressed areas of
Gary, Indiana;
Akron, Ohio; and Detroit, all of
it grounded
in his ideas of what art is.
THEASTER GATES: What I love
about art is that
the power of the symbolic work
has so much
potential to do more than the
thing on the
ground.
And so I think about ripples. I
think about
affect. I think about symbolism.
But I don't
think that there are limits on
what's possible.
Not only do poor people have a
right to beautiful
things, but people have the
right not to be
poor anymore. And I think that
that feels
like it's work making art about
and fighting
for.
JEFFREY BROWN: It's art mixed
with activism
and urban development.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Jeffrey Brown
in Chicago.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
online: What
do Oprah Winfrey and Warren
Buffett have in
common? Well, they are both
calculated risk-takers.
Our Making Sense columnist
Denise Cummins
writes that successful
entrepreneurs are not
simply risk-takers, but
calculated risk-takers.
You can read her take on our
home page.
And our jobs guru answers a
reader who wants
to know why, would a prospective
employer
keep the firm's benefits package
a secret?
It's one of the more
discouraging parts of
a job search, and we address it
in our Ask
the Headhunter column.
All that and more is on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Tonight on
"Charlie Rose,"
Charlie continues his
conversation with President
Obama on America's foreign
policy, zeroing
in on Syria, China, and North
Korea.
And that's the "NewsHour" for
tonight.
On Wednesday, with only a
handful of states
yet to hold presidential
primaries, we look
at the delegate math for the
road ahead.
I'm Hari Sreenivasan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I'm Judy
Woodruff.
Join us online and again here
tomorrow evening.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and good night.